W-14262709-ACB-frags-scaffold-clarify-hn (#224)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/acb-reusable-steps.adoc

//
// tag::fragments-not-scaffolded[]
// Fragments Not Scaffolded

> Anypoint Code Builder doesn't support scaffolding API specs that include OAS fragments or JSON schemas that are added as a dependency from Exchange.

Reviewer: Because of the "or," I think someone could possibly read the first part ("that include OAS fragments") to be talking about all OAS fragments generally (i.e., not just fragments referenced as a dependency after being imported from Exchange), but I think we're saying here that if an OAS or JSON schema fragment is imported from Exchange and then referenced or included in the API spec, the scaffolding process won't work properly and will return an error.

Author: So, this is worded as a bug, not a "lack of support".

//
// tag::fragments-not-scaffolded[]
// Fragments Not Scaffolded

> Anypoint Code Builder does not support scaffolding OAS APIs that use OAS fragments or JSON schema fragment dependencies from Exchange.

Reviewer: Also doesn't support scaffolding _RAML_ specs that include JSON Schema fragments that are imported from Exchange as project dependencies.

Reviewer: if I'm reading this [this](https://salesforce-internal.slack.com/archives/C041KMJ3FDZ/p1697053785351629?thread_ts=1696884882.708619&cid=C041KMJ3FDZ) correctly, specifically, ", left behind the case of a RAML API that uses spec fragments (JSON Schema) ... they cannot be consumed through exchange_modules after publishin a JSON Schema fragment project"
but the way things are going right now... 😬

> Anypoint Code Builder does not support scaffolding OAS APIs that use OAS fragments or JSON schema fragment dependencies from Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Code Builder does not support scaffolding API specs that incorporate OAS or JSON schema fragments that you import from Exchange as project dependencies.
```
